When I arrived at the sea, I felt a lot of excitement
to see that immensity of water that went far and far, and I didn't know where it would end.
Something amazing.
And be there, in the sea, getting wet, which I have never done before.
- Yenny!
- Come.
- I'm coming!
- Let's make an ajiaco today
with yuca, potatoes, beans, celery, carrots, and meat.
- Yenny. Come, do me a little favor
Well, they call my aunts "señoritas" because they are all single and didn't get married. They lived like that.
They didn't go to live with anyone.
Our Lord, their knees bend and they fall, but we stand firm and upright.
- Lord, give victory to the King. Answer us when we call you. Glory to the Father and to God and the Holy Spirit.
- As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
Jesus, my Lord and Redeemer, I repent of all the sins I have committed until today...
(Praying)
What I like most in life is to travel
Meet new places, locations, people.
People.
I don't feel like, free.
I can't go anywhere, I can't, I have to watch the time.
“At what time will you go?”, “When will you come back?”, “Hurry up Yenny!”...
It's like a restriction that I have here.
- Yenny, Come!
- Let's help the Priest, let's help him with the animation of the Eucharist, but let them pay us.
That way, we have for the lunch.
- Thank God we have a mate that doesn’t drink or eat.
- No, but over there, in Jordan, whatever they give you, accept it and give it to us.
- She became mute.
- Say something!
Radio: The municipal administration and the San Joseph of Jordan Sube parish...
My mom, very simple, hardworking.
She is like the owner of the house.
- Yenny, let's go!
♪ Let's praise the Lord ♪ (religious song)
Well, to me it seems that being single is good because you have the freedom to go out somewhere,
enjoy life, not have like prisons,
imposition from another person, a partner,
be free and you can come home a little later as they say.
♪ The holy virgin Mary is a white dove ♪
♪ who has come to America to bring peace ♪
My aunt María Antonia, she is very helpful,
but sometimes she is a bit rebel.  You have to know how to handle her.
Memories, memories of my family when they were young, very beautiful, very lovely.
They lived well before, enjoyed life, went to parties,
went to other places to dance.
The years are wearing them out now, just work, so youth is gone,
leaving behind weariness.
With age comes more illnesses.
If one day I wake up and no one is there, I would feel really bad, very lonely,
because I have no one to talk to, to hear their shouts, their scolding, or call me.
Well, my aunt Paulina, who is the oldest, is very cheerful,
very enthusiastic about everything, she loves music.
- Yenny! Come, help me.
My aunt Hermina is very quiet, she is very quiet, she hardly speaks, she doesn't like to talk.
Well, and the relationship with my mom, I get along with her.
She takes care of me a lot.
As I am her only daughter.
Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus.
Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now, and at the hour of our death. Amen.
(Keep praying)
The blessing of God Almighty, Father,
Son, and Holy Spirit, descend upon you and be with us always. Amen.
For me, the importance of religion in my life is
to have Jesus in every moment.
My aunt, María Antonia, instilled this in me.
Well, what has motivated me to do in life is
the dream of going  to Barranquilla to study.
It's like where I live and I want to learn a little more
to reinforce that knowledge in the agriculture field.
(Laughs)
Well...
For the secret friend thing we already mentioned. And there we would share with each other,
those of us who want to share a gift.
If we wanted a little bit less, that was also possible.
And then we're going to spend the afternoon there, an activity, more or less,
We're talking about a sancocho, A “mute”. We're going to do something there to share.
- I mean, we'll leave from lunch?
- Of course, ma'am.
And the other more important thing is the carranga live show!.
Wow, this is amazing.
For me, freedom is to be enjoyed., to live it every day.
Without worries, without fears.
Hello. Hello. Hello.
Well, “Sweet” friend, for the first time I'm going to play
a very simple friend.
Her name is Leonela.
Oh!
Done with me or not yet?
My friend is Yenny Delgado
Oh!
Now, yes! Let the party continue!
What would happen if one day I decided to leave?
They would die crying in anguish, because they wouldn’t see me no more.
If I were to leave, it would be a little different, right?
Another environment where I might meet someone else
or things would change a lot, right?